Machine Learning

Definition: Building a model from example inputs to make data-driven predictions vs following strictly static program instructions.
Algorithm analyzes the data and create a model.

examples
- Kinect - fed lots of pictures of people's postures to create a model. once the model reached sufficient accuracy, it was packaged into kinect and shipped. It was not learning anymore after that.
- Movie choice app - shows top 100-200 movies on screen based on some baseline. As you select movies that you like to say green zone, it learns what you like and when you move movies to red zone, it learns what you dont like and suggests more movies. This is a type of system that is always learning.
- determine hand written address
- whether car loan should be approved
- what will people buy

Types of ML
	Supervised - 
		predict house prices - pass many rows of data for price, size, bedrooms, yr built etc to ML algorithm. ML algorithm then outputs a trained model.
		For value predictions
		Needs training data
		trained model predicts for other values
	Unsupervised - 
		voice recording of room full of ppl - pass to unsupervised ML algo - it does classification and tells who said what 
		identify clusters of like data - classification
		Doesnt need training data
		
ML workflow
	Asking the right question
	Preparing data - Data cleaning and transformation
	Selecting the algorithm
	Training the model
	Testing the model
	Refine and Adjust above steps
	
Why Azure for ML - manages data, buils ml solution, deploy, control access, maintain solution
Data columns that we use to train the model are called features. They can be of two types -
	numerical for ex. length of car, wheel-base etc
	categorical for ex. make of car, body-style etc
	
Algorithm
	There are multiple algorithms supported in Azure ML. They can be found via searching for azure ml algorithm cheat sheet
	Some are for finding unusual data points, patterns/structures - more in the unsupervised category
	Some are for predicting values or categories - more in the supervised category.
	